---
title: Blogging9
layout: post
author: tommy.hamill
permalink: /blogging9/
source-id: 1Hj8zdiUDkVntiuYhranuc_1mlNgAg8H19tlJ4vE5Z70
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Doing encoding with Mr Keen</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>24/11/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A little bit of knowledge about encoding but not a vast amount.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Listen hard to Mr Keen to understand everything that he says, be good at encoding</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
</td>
    <td>Yes, I believe I understand a lot more about encoding now, especially about the enigma machine and how computers encode things from one device and decode things on another.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by using these hearing devices called ears. I then decoded everything that I received from these ears  in my brain and then I got a message from mr Keen telling me what to do. I used my few brain cells to decipher the deciphering challenges assigned to us by Mr Keen and using them was an effective strategy.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sometimes I decided to stop using my ears and start using my mouth to send messages to people in the class. The habit that I need to work on is that receiving messages from Mr Keen is much more important than sending messages to my classmates.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try really hard not to get distracted and just listen to Mr Keen with my ears and understand that my mouth is not needed to listen make sure that I can understand what he is saying and act on it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


