---
title: Blogging7
layout: post
author: tommy.hamill
permalink: /blogging7/
source-id: 1yxbNiYG-EojvGt5gznSU-i8V2YYFNSznL9zqS3_wSwk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
  <td> <h2> <strong>Title:</strong></h2></td>
  <td><h2><strong>Lesson with Mr Keen!</strong></h2></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><h2><strong>Date:</strong></h2></td>
    <td>11/11/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><h2><strong>Starting point:</strong></h2></td>
    <td>No knowledge of what Mr Keen was going to say</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><h2><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></h2></td>
    <td>Become a master at everything Mr Keen was going to say.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><h2><strong>Did I reach my target? </strong></h2>
</td>
    <td>Mr Keen talked about the mark scheme and I MASTERED IT!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
  <td><h1><strong>Lesson Review</strong></h1></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><h3><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong> </h3></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mr Keen spoke at the front of the classroom and everybody listened to him. I learnt by simply using my brain and my ears to listen to the mark scheme so that I could MASTER EVERYTHING . I used a planning strategy to plan how I was going to MASTER this whole blogging thing. I planned that I would do this blog right now and that soon I will be a MASTER of Github.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><h3><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong> </h3></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning was that I kept getting distracted by myself and the people around me. I need to work on listening more and talking less because there may have been some small details that I may have missed as I was distracted.  I also realised watching what Mr Keen had to say that I have to put more effort into my blogs and my Github page.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><h3><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></h3></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will learn from what Mr Keen has said about the mark scheme and act on it. I will look at the top of the scale on the mark scheme and make sure that everything on my blog is top notch. To do this I need to make sure that everything on my blog works with each other like the colours and I need to make sure that the actual blogs are detailed.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


