---
title: Blogging12
layout: post
author: tommy.hamill
permalink: /blogging12/
source-id: 1X61WgEjmKZjeiUtCuMleYcOnppNPJf2973xMQT-M2YM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>27/1/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Had some experience with python in year 8</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish the lesson with knowledge about Python, use this in repl.it </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
</td>
    <td>Yes, I now have some knowledge about python and I incorporated that into repl.it</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I listened to Mr Keen talking at the front and he explained how to do all of these things really easily. For my homework, when I was doing the repl.it, I watched a few youtube tutorials to help me do it and learn a bunch of new things. I listened to them and they explained how to do it really well, and now I can incorporate that into my work on python in the future.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sometimes I was distracted by talking to other people and having a joke, the habit that I should work on is getting my work finished before I start talking. Also, I should listen more in the lessons so that when I get on to doing my homework I don't need to look at youtube tutorials. Also, I should practise some more at home to really get the hang of this python thing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will get everything done quick and make sure I 100% understand everything. I will make sure I listen well in the lesson and then breeze through my homework like it was a complete waste of time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


