---
title: Blogging11
layout: post
author: tommy.hamill
permalink: /blogging10/
source-id: 1hcqpeRkpp5r_PvW_HqpRELLz85LSI4RM1R-8tcgT0JM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>ASCII</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>20/1/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Had heard of ASCII but had no idea what it was</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish the lesson with knowledge about ASCII, use this in a google sheet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
</td>
    <td>Yes, I now have some knowledge about ASCII and I incorporated that into my spreadsheet</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<iframe { width:100%;} src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Pncn7aX-Om2ShZnYtl-aQXLWERJ88bb6d9fseElzce8/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I listened to Mr Keen talking at the front and he explained how to do all of these things really easily. For my homework, when I was doing the google sheet, I had to watch a few youtube tutorials to help me do it. I listened to them and they explained how to do it really well, and now I can incorporate that into my work on spreadsheets in the future.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sometimes I was distracted by talking to other people and having a joke, the habit that I should work on is getting my work finished before I start talking. Also, I should listen more in the lessons so that when I get on to doing my homework I don't need to look at youtube tutorials. Another thing I may need to work on can be judged by you. For part of my homework I have to insert the spreadsheet into this blog, if it is on here and looks good then it’s fine, but if it isn’t then that is something that I need to work on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will get everything done quick and make sure I 100% understand everything. I will make sure I listen well in the lesson and then breeze through my homework like it was a complete waste of time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


