---
title: Blogs. Messing around
layout: post
author: tommy.hamill
permalink: /blogs.-messing-around/
source-id: 1hO92rO42zuzEotUQ1D_12Xt04j8Y5SwoeysTMApbxO0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Messing around
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>28/06/2017</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have no idea</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
</td>
    <td>...</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Basically I didn't really learn much except for the fact that there is a website where you can use a trumpet to blow Donald Trump’s hair around called Trumpdonald.org and that there have been over 600,000,000 'Trumps’
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that my learning was very limited as I was distracted by Donald’s beautiful hair</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will manage my time more effectively. I will improve my learning by looking at the time limit in which we have to complete the challenge in and try to complete it by then. Also, I think I will improve my learning by thinking logically myself. I think that I rely on google too much instead of just trying to dive into the depths of my memory to try and see if I can think about how to complete the challenge myself. Also, if I do find something on google that could help me with a challenge, I think that writing it down could help improve my learning for the future so that I know when *I look at that that I am looking at something that I can do and I have done in the past.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


