---
title: Blogs. The Tansley Challenge
layout: post
author: tommy.hamill
permalink: /blogs.-the-tansley-challenge/
source-id: 1DrYYxT4qxf5qWPr9-rmH7XVVY39WTU2yS_V-rIxaU3s
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>The Tansley Challenge
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>21/06/2017</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A blank repl.it page</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Complete The Tansley Challenge within the set time limit, adding a personal twist to it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
</td>
    <td>I would say I did not really complete the challenge. But I completed something.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The strategy that I attempted to use at the beginning of the lesson was to use google to help me. Mr Tansley had set us the challenge of giving the exact number of letters in a person's name after they input it into your program. The strategy of using google could have  been very effective if I had more time to spend on completing this challenge, unfortunately, he only gave us a limit of 10 minutes to complete the whole challenge. By the time I actually got to write any code on the repl.it I had about one minute left. This left me thinking about something I could do that was really easy. So I did something really easy.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was obviously limited by the excessive time spent googling. The habits I need to work on is managing my time more effectively instead of just wasting the majority of the time limit we had trying to use google to help. Of course, google can be a really good tool in helping when you are trying to code things but I have really got to spend less time on that and understand that if there is a time limit of 10 minutes I probably won’t have time to spend on google. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will manage my time more effectively. I will improve my learning by looking at the time limit in which we have to complete the challenge in and try to complete it by then. Also, I think I will improve my learning by thinking logically myself. I think that I rely on google too much instead of just trying to dive into the depths of my memory to try and see if I can think about how to complete the challenge myself. Also, if I do find something on google that could help me with a challenge, I think that writing it down could help improve my learning for the future so that I know when *I look at that that I am looking at something that I can do and I have done in the past.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


